docs: changelogs overview (#934)
ory/docs: docs/ecosystem/changelog.md

---
id: changelog
title: Changelogs
---

> Running security-critical open source technology in a self-service format requires vigilance. We make your life easier by
> announcing important software updates via the [Ory Security Newsletter](http://eepurl.com/di390P). Never miss an update and
> **[sign up now to important release updates!](http://eepurl.com/di390P)**

> Ory is actively being developed. If you are interested in future development, take a look at the [Roadmap](./roadmap.md). Below
> you find changelogs for Ory services:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ory is being actively developed. If you want to know more about the planned features and timelines, read the [Roadmap](./roadmap.md).

Visit these links to get changelogs of individual Ory projects:
```

Reviewer: > Ory is actively being developed.

I have a problem with that. Is ORY something we develop? Or are Ory PROJECTS or PRODUCTS something we develop? 🤔 Sounds unimportant but I think we should settle on one way of talking about these things and then stick to it.

Author: Ah you are right. 
But I think in this case "Ory" means the entirety of the "ecosystem" - all open source repos and other products.

- [Ory Kratos Releases](https://github.com/ory/kratos/releases) /
  [Full CHANGELOG.md](https://github.com/ory/kratos/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)
- [Ory Hydra Releases](https://github.com/ory/hydra/releases) /
  [Full CHANGELOG.md](https://github.com/ory/hydra/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)
- [Ory Keto Releases](https://github.com/ory/keto/releases) /
  [Full CHANGELOG.md](https://github.com/ory/keto/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)
- [Ory Oathkeeper Releases](https://github.com/ory/oathkeeper/releases) /
  [Full CHANGELOG.md](https://github.com/ory/oathkeeper/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)

> Before [upgrading](./upgrading.md) to a newer version, please make sure to check with these documents first.

Reviewer: How about you put it in an admonition and place it BEFORE the changelogs? Could look something like this: 

```
:::warning

Changelogs contain important information about the changes and breaking changes introduced in the code. Please read the relevant project's changelog before you [upgrade](./upgrading.md) to a new version.

:::
